[Music]
welcome back to another video I hope
you're doing really really good in
today's one I wanted to bring you my top
five favorite leggings at the moment
particularly this January I've had like
the most messages asking because of
their activewear what's the most
flattering that you feel comfortable
working out in the gym my thing at the
moment is I don't have like one set
brand that like you to my go to because
generally everywhere every dream where
Bratton to have so many different styles
like within their range these aren't in
any order but these the first ones that
I picked up from my pile of five
leggings and these are the my protein
curved leggings in a club called sesame
sesame and basically they're just like a
gray legging they've got loads of like
contouring detail and these two are like
slightly different fabrics on here but I
can't explain how flattering these are
on your bootay they've got like a
sweeping I've worn these absolutely
loads by the way and they've got like a
sweeping round the front and then sort
of go like high up on your bum which I
think makes the that makes the biggest
difference of all because I don't have
the widest hips but I really like how
this sort of creates I like more of like
a curve well unlike this really good I'm
about 5 foot 6 and it just goes like
slightly above my ankle but yes so like
all throughout the leg you can see
there's like little contour in detail
and they're just super super comfortable
they're not compressive at all which I
really really like and they haven't
clicked and I told like on the leg area
got to be completely honest as well my
protein leggings aren't always my
favorite like I'm not the biggest fan of
the power the power match I think it's
called the only thing I would say is
that I can notice there's like it's kind
of like nipped a bit around here but and
these I think these are also the
cheapest leggings that I've picked from
a pilot
they're about 22 pounds on the site and
then you can get loads of discounts I
have got a code as well which gets you
first percent off I've also got these in
the black which I'm wearing now which
I'll show you they're exactly the same
style the curved leg in but just in
black and I've lived in these like if
you follow me on Instagram you've seen
me wearing them so so much so here is
the curve black ones only I actually
live in these are worthy so much not
just in the gym but rather half at today
I went to Jess warning that she's got
them on there and super like high-rise
up here and then it's like a swoop in
like just above my ankle these are I'd
say definitely I think they're a bit of
a longer leg in and next up is these do
you even hyper flex seamless in form
brown leggings and these are one of my
go-to
these are slightly more like overcome
the compressive side and they really
sort of like they pull you in a bit but
nothing super compressive because I've
got a thing I hate stuff that's like
completely pulley sucky tie some people
absolutely love that because it does
sort of it can shape you more but for me
I just don't find it comfortable or like
productive in the gym so these have got
like an more of a compressive waist and
they're high-waisted and they're really
gorgeous on the leg these are super
super flattering on your bum area they
give you like a little lift and I think
they make your bum look bigger who's
been through so many washes like all the
leggings I'm showing you I've had so
much wear out of like I wear these all
the time and this color is super
flattering I think it reflects your on
any sort of skin tone the only thing I
would say about this is the do you even
because that is like plastic this
embossed on the legging it does crack it
has cracked slightly in the wash but
like I said I've had these like over six
months or something and they feel a
little bit more expensive than the my
protein ones because they're a bit
thicker these are completely
squat proof this show of this sweat when
like you're really sweating but for me
that's not problem all I don't mind like
we're in the gym we all get sweaty
that's what we were there to do cuz I
forget everything I've got is in a size
small I think I would say
the moment and they're about 33 pounds
these in like every single color the
black as well which is quite these are
quite new and oh my god I've worn these
again it's so so good
n-next of is another my protein lady
this is the contrast seamless legging
which is in like a sesame black color
and my god I have worn the life out of
these they oh they're so so so
flattering on that the companies things
ever there are more like a thicker
legging so they do get quite warm like
if you do like an intense leg day and
they're almost they've got like loads of
like lining in here so yeah I would bear
that in mind like they're not like a
super thin legging in search but and
they're not like overly compressive or
they've got a really really nice
waistband kind of similar to the do you
even ones but I think on he I think on
these like employees it's like the
contouring detail you at the two-tone
they're really sort of emphasizes yorker
so it like drops down the front bit here
and just fits so nice and then in terms
of like the boom area these are just
like the boom ultimate legging they go
out i've stopped quite quickly but I'm
sure they restock from on my protein and
these are a bit more expensive than the
curved leggings these are forty pounds
and but obviously you get 35% I don't
have like the logo plastered everywhere
it's just like a small little MP back
it's gross so well like black white
cropped tops
completely squat proof I've never seen
any light sweat marks in you know really
good for like all kinds of workouts like
I always do hit wearing the and they
don't really get which a bit they
haven't given as well you know like some
leggings around the waist they can
really give whereas these have really
kept their shape and I've had these for
maybe four months or something now like
I have there in the summertime so so I'm
not gonna grow any but links I really do
like so these come up like slightly more
high-waisted than the curved ones this I
love this like detailing
here and that is it on the Berman area
it's just like super super flattering
and just the comfy sort of things ever
my person was this is sort of like
longer on the leg I would say and then
next I just thought I would throw in
like a sort of cheaper leg in and this
was off Amazon inside these are very
similar to like blue lining fabric the
only thing with these is they are like
low-rise and I wish they were high-rise
but it's just more like the fabric and
if these are like almost like physical
blowing silk kind of I've yeah and as
you're so soft they're not like your
usual legging type and they're just
super comfortable and fit really well on
the foam area I would love it if they
had these in like a high-rise but it
still is like one of my favorite pair of
leggings to wear now if he's going crazy
outside the neighbors that bless you got
these in an Amazon activewear testing
video and there are about 13 pounds so
I'll leave then linked down below and
yeah you don't have to spend absolutely
loads and activewear although sometimes
it price can definitely reflect out the
quality I'd say yeah if you like like
more of a low-rise these are the legs
for you they've got like a stone pocket
here and on this side it's like you're
it's like wine skin they're so so soft
out I think it's the fabric that winds
would be
but that brings me to the end of the
video I really hope you enjoyed it and
and you don't got some insight into some
leggings butter like my favorite at the
moment if you'd like to see like a
sportswear I will I'd be really happy to
do that as well but yeah let me know
what you think and I'll see you guys in
the next video